let's define limits
let's challenge let's go to distance
rehydrate refresh and re-energize with
the new non-carbonated hundred plus edge
panasonic ideas for life
you
enjoying for these twins game both to
match we played our best and some
intense match I think after this stage
it's about which team makes the least
mistakes and for today's game I think
until you make a quite a few mistakes by
red pops to wrap our into you because
you play to rasp last we saw blood and I
think nus is a body window for this
timer and co sorry I have because like
we want and after like four years I
around the acting is the first time we
win like champions oh and we're happy
and we're poor my team that we finally
made it up yeah